Let 's see what the chief interest is
japan bringing you another video
about the 3ds
So friends today found a
Support a little box, right for me.
load my 3ds games my
I work for a supermarket school
where I went to walk where the
3ds
because you know all the games in the
3ds they come these super little boxes here
all daycare staff already thought I was going
for work it takes all the boxes
here one two three four five six
then this business here is
to facilitate apple almost 9 facilitate the
people lives then we can
put the cartridges in here, right?
finds himself in a Japanese store that
It's written here 3ds and ds then this 15
né game card case would be the name green
card case is a case to fatten the
3ds games will be able to take you where I
you want to save even at home is up six
games then fits three sets of ds 3
3ds games or whatever
So I'll show you if you like the cap.
ahead
ok ago have anything that is
showing some little things like encaixá
all right
ok it is not made in china middle of a japan
even made in japan
So I'll open it and show you if
I'll take the little games out of the boxes and
put it here for you to see what it 's like
my viewers friends opening here
a video of the match over here blanket of
something but selective at the moment
I thought it was easier but not easy.
It's very simple inside.
even here are the fittings to ok
it closes like this
Look how nice how cute that marc
eat 3ds same
Oh cool, it's not always a good thing.
over here we go there I'll get it here
first new super mario bros
anders of nintendo ds oc1 to put three
ds games on top
the first to put money had more
the location that is the future property 1 to 4 ac
which could also in the bad sequence of
boxing gameplay and channel gameplay
friends in the new game in
job
it has a slot because the
3ds he has a travinha it is different
It is interesting and the case is sensational
now the fans in my friends is one thing
this game is exclusive to the 3DS
moment and there will be inversions in hd to
playstation 3 xbox and wii what do you guys
find this you are going to buy the new
versions you still prefer or prefer the
in 3ds 3d comment comments
here one to put here
I think I had to stay exclusive to
3ds until the end but if you know it is caco that
earn money as always as it was
So here my friends stayed in
3ds games and cute on top
luigi mentions the first bronze
resident evil shallow bench
Then listen here, what a fera new super
mario bros of dsk the costume mode 194 and
nintendogs ok will work at igaot for
close here look how cool
Then I can get my 3ds but mine.
case and go that opposes the backpack and bora
take wherever we want to play the
my games
it's easier than taking it all away .
has already thought of putting all the
boxes that carry all the boxes inside
of the bag
a lot of things then that I found
It's a good idea for you guys that
They like to carry their games to
up and down that's not really cool
I found it very interesting, that's cool.
They will do a test with a hat to
that something has to do with the
How cool are any of my friends?
I have here 15 for me to put the
my 3ds or s games
If you liked the favorite video, the
video says that you found
Thank you for everyone's attention and, bye.
bye bye hello is you